MAXIM 1: Pillage, then burn.
MAXIM 2: A sergeant in motion outranks a lieutenant who doesn't know what's going on.
MAXIM 3: An ordnance technician at a dead run outranks everybody.
MAXIM 4: Close air support covereth a multitude of sins.
MAXIM 5: Close air support and friendly fire should be easier to tell apart.
MAXIM 6: If violence wasn't your last resort, you failed to resort to enough of it.
MAXIM 7: If the food is good enough the grunts will stop complaining about the incoming fire.
MAXIM 8: Mockery and derision have their place. Usually, it's on the far side of the air lock.
MAXIM 9: Never turn your back on an enemy.
MAXIM 10: Sometimes the only way out is through… Through the hull.
MAXIM 11: Everything is air-droppable at least once.
MAXIM 12: A soft answer turneth away wrath. Once wrath is looking the other way, shoot it in the head.
MAXIM 13: Do unto others.
MAXIM 14: "Mad science" means never stopping to ask "what's the worst thing that could happen?"
MAXIM 15: Only you can prevent friendly fire.
MAXIM 16: Your name is in the mouth of others: be sure it has teeth.
MAXIM 17: The longer everything goes according to plan, the bigger the impending disaster.
MAXIM 18: If the officers are leading from in front, watch for an attack from the rear.
MAXIM 19: The world is richer when you turn enemies into friends, but that's not the same as you being richer.
MAXIM 20: If you're not willing to shell your own position, you're not willing to win.
MAXIM 21: Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Take his fish away and tell him he's lucky just to be alive, and he'll figure out how to catch another one for you to take tomorrow.
MAXIM 22: If you can see the whites of their eyes, somebody's done something wrong.
MAXIM 23: The company mess and friendly fire should be easier to tell apart.
MAXIM 24: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a big gun.
MAXIM 25: If a manufacturer's warranty covers the damage you did, you didn't do enough damage.
MAXIM 26: "Fire and forget" is fine, provided you never actually forget.
MAXIM 27: Don't be afraid to be the first to resort to violence.
MAXIM 28: If the price of collateral damage is high enough, you might be able to get paid to bring ammunition home with you.
MAXIM 29: The enemy of my enemy is my enemy's enemy, no more, no less.
MAXIM 30: A little trust goes a long way. The less you use, the further you'll go.
MAXIM 31: Only cheaters prosper.
MAXIM 32: Anything is amphibious if you can get it back out of the water.
MAXIM 33: If you're leaving tracks, you're being followed.
MAXIM 34: If you're leaving scorch marks, you need a bigger gun.
MAXIM 35: That which does not kill me has made a tactical error.
MAXIM 36: When the going gets tough, the tough call for close air support.
MAXIM 37: There is no "overkill." There is only "open fire" and "reload."
MAXIM 38: What's easy for you can still be hard on your clients.
MAXIM 39: There is a difference between "spare" parts and "extra" parts.
MAXIM 40: Not all good news is enemy action.
MAXIM 41: "Do you have a backup?" means "I can't fix this."
MAXIM 42: "They'll never expect this" means "I want to try something stupid."
MAXIM 43: If it's stupid and it works, it's still stupid and you're lucky.
MAXIM 44: If it will blow a hole in the ground, it will double as an entrenching tool.
MAXIM 45: The size of the combat bonus is inversely proportional to the likelihood of surviving to collect it.
MAXIM 46: Don't try to save money by conserving ammunition.
MAXIM 47: Don't expect the enemy to cooperate in the creation of your dream engagement.
MAXIM 48: If it ain't broke, it hasn't been issued to the infantry.
MAXIM 49: Every client is one missed payment away from becoming a target, and every target is one bribe away from becoming a client.
MAXIM 50: If it only works in exactly the way the manufacturer intended, it is defective.
MAXIM 51: Let them see you sharpen the sword before you fall on it.
MAXIM 52: The army you've got is never the army you want.
MAXIM 53: The intel you've got is never the intel you want.
MAXIM 54: It's only too many troops if you can't pay them.
MAXIM 55: It's only too many weapons if they're pointing in the wrong direction.
MAXIM 56: Infantry exists to paint targets for people with real guns.
MAXIM 57: Artillery exists to launch large chunks of budget at an enemy it cannot actually see.
MAXIM 58: The pen is mightiest when it writes orders for swords.
MAXIM 59: Two wrongs is probably not going to be enough.
MAXIM 60: Any weapon's rate of fire is inversely proportional to the number of available targets.
MAXIM 61: Don't bring big grenades into small rooms.
MAXIM 62: Anything labeled "This end toward enemy" is dangerous at both ends.
MAXIM 63: The brass knows how to do it by knowing who can do it.
MAXIM 64: An ounce of sniper is worth a pound of suppressing fire.
MAXIM 65: After the toss, be the one with the pin, not the one with the grenade.
MAXIM 66: Necessity is the mother of deception.
MAXIM 67: If you can't carry cash, carry a weapon.
MAXIM 68: Negotiating from a position of strength does not mean you shouldn't also negotiate from a position near the exits.
MAXIM 69: Sometimes rank is a function of firepower.
MAXIM 70: Failure is not an option; it is mandatory. The option is whether or not to let failure be the last thing you do.